Update for Cohort 7 (#7386)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/docs/validator-guide/celo-foundation-voting-policy.md

{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
Note: Application for Cohort 7 is now open.
{% endhint %}

[APPLY FOR FOUNDATION VOTES HERE](https://forum.celo.org/t/cohort-7-application-of-foundation-voting-program-is-now-open/829)

### Timings
Cohort 7 application deadline: **April 10, 2021 at 23:59 UTC**

Anticipated vote date for selected applicants in Cohort 7: **May 1, 2021**

{% hint style="info" %}

> Note: Anticipated vote date for new cohort is a best-guess estimate given the requirements and coordination when it comes to voting new applicants, as well as potential delays when it comes to KYC process on new applicants. 
> {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The anticipated vote date for new cohorts is a best-guess estimate given the requirements and coordination when it comes to voting for new applicants. 
{% endhint %}
```

* **Cohort 2:** The Great Celo Stake Off [leaderboard](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Me56YkCHYmsN23gSMgDb1hZ_ezN0sTjNW4kyGbAO9vc/edit#gid=1970613133) participants at ranking 1-25 -- votes will expire on Nov 1, 2020

Currently receiving Foundation votes: 

> * **Cohort 3:** [6 validator groups](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OkWnr6EOeFn4pIv0zxmXFNtHLmKWf_qCJOJ4iacov-A/edit?usp=sharing) -- votes will expire on Feb 1, 2021 (Note: This will transition to Cohort 6 as soon as they're voted in)

Reviewer: it's not guaranteed that cohort 3 will automatically transition to cohort 6 -- would suggest creating a new line for C6

Author: Good call out!

* **Cohort 3:** [6 validator groups](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OkWnr6EOeFn4pIv0zxmXFNtHLmKWf_qCJOJ4iacov-A/edit?usp=sharing) -- votes will expire on Feb 1, 2021
* **Cohort 4:** [22 validator groups](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bp2nJUxqhWner-uOffBohKQc3N93e--eMpP7XOBrbGI/edit?usp=sharing) -- votes will expire on May 1, 2021
* **Cohort 5:** [25 validator groups](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1n2lwFsAsFaohng4Bo_FEWcoXzZl5CrLFxA6EK0nuFSA/edit#gid=0) -- votes will expire on Aug 1, 2021 

> * **Cohort 6:** TBA Soon

Author: @pranaymohan thoughts on this update?
